How many employees does we have?
How many Sales Representatives are there in our company?
What are the name's, email's and ID's of all the Sales Representatives in our company?
What is the contact number and address of our office in Tokyo?
How many offices we have all over the world?
What is the location of our office with officecode 7?
How many products included in the order with ordernumber 10100?
How many orders are there for the product S18_2248?
How much quantity of the product S18_2248 got sold out today?
What is the average price of the product S18_2248?
How many orders are still in processing state?
How many orders we have got in the year 2003?
In which year we have got more number of orders?
How many orders are there which are ordered by Customer-141?
How many products are there with productLine "Classic Cars"?
What are the product names and product codes with "Classic Cars" productLine?
What are the Product Scales for all products with ProductLine "Vintage Cars"?
How many products that "Exoto Designs" vendoring for?
What are the names of the products with product Scale 1:12?
What is the total Buying price of the products that are vendoring by "Welly Diecast Productions"?
What is the quantity of the product S10_1678 which In-Stock?
What are the product names which are having Product Line "Trucks and Buses"?
What are the product names and product codes which are having highest MSRP?
What are the product names and product codes which are having lowest MSRP?
What are the product names and product codes which are having BUying price less than 50.00?
How many products are there with highest MSRP?
How many products are there with lowest MSRP?
What are product Lines for the products having highest Buying Price?
What is the name of the product Vendor Vendoring for Highest number of Products?
Waht is the name of the product Vendor Vendoring for Least number of Products?
How many orders are cancelled in the year 2003?
In which year most number of orders got Cancelled?
What are the product names and product codes which are got cancelled in the year 2004?
What are the product names and product codes which are ordered in the year 2005?
What is the total amount we earned for the product S18_2248?
How much did we earn for the order 10100?
For which order we earn Highest amount?
For which order we earn Least amount?
What are names and ID's of all the employees in the office located at London?
How many employees are there in all the offices all over the world?
What are the names, ID's and emails of the Sales Representatives in the office at San Francisco?
What are the emails, ID's and Names of the Sales Manager in all the offices?
What are the ID's, names and emails of the presidents in all the offices?
What are the product Names and Product Codes which are ordered in the order 10103?
What is the total amount paid by the customer-121?
What are the product codes and Product names having MSRP less than 100?
What are the product names which are having MSRP greater than 100?
How many employees are there in the office at Paris??
What are the emails of the employees in the office at Sydney?
How many orders we had in the year 2004?
